Check broken links (#1354)
ocaml/v3.ocaml.org: data/changelog/dune/2019-02-12-dune-1.7.0.md

* The virtual libraries feature has made it to 1.7.0. I've blogged about it [before](http://rgrinberg.com/posts/virtual-libraries/)

> * There's now a [mode](https://dune.readthedocs.io/en/latest/advanced-topics.html#implicit-transitive-deps - [404 Not Found]) to disable transitive dependencies. This mode still has some caveats because it lacks proper compiler support. But we welcome user reports regarding its usability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* There's now a [mode](https://dune.readthedocs.io/en/stable/dune-files.html#implicit-transitive-deps) to disable transitive dependencies. This mode still has some caveats because it lacks proper compiler support. But we welcome user reports regarding its usability.
```
This link was the closest I could find
